Docs: Refer to menu order with first-last (#8569)
activeadmin/activeadmin: docs/2-resource-customization.md

### Menu Priority

> Menu items are sorted first by their numeric priority, then alphabetically. Since

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Menu items are sorted first by their numeric priority, then alphabetically. Every
```

> every menu by default has the same priority of `10`, the menu is by default sorted alphabetically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
menu item has a default priority of `10`.
```

> You can easily customize this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize this with:
```

```ruby
ActiveAdmin.register Post do

>   menu priority: 1 # so it's the first shown menu item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  menu priority: 1 # so it's the first menu item visible
```
